Hi everyone. Today's Friday, May the
8th. My name is Anne Marie Band, and
this is the Money Ball Morning Report.
Charts by TrendSpider, Gamma flows by
Menthor Q, news flows and news feeds by
Benzinga Pro, and forensic data analysis
by tradewave.ai.
So, full disclosure, I took a short here
up near
the call wall and near the 9:30
open of the prior day.
And I have to tell you, I don't feel
great about it, but it is what it is.
And my target is actually
the low, excuse me, the close of that
9:30 candle. That's about 73.87.
Uh I did try a short at the top of
the
MOC candle, and I got stopped out, but I
did that overnight while I was asleep.
Small size, not a big deal.
Um
expecting it to have resistance here at
the
50 SMA.
Didn't really work, of course, so I got
stopped out, and so now the next shot is
at the top of the box. Notice
my premise at the
Mhm, what day was it?
Uh
Wednesday night, Thursday, I said, "Hey,
listen, I think we chop around a little.
I think we've got some sideways action."
We can see that that is really what we
have. We have the gamma line that says
everything's hunky-dory if we're above
it, and then not so much if we're below
it. But let's just take a look at what
we see. Everything says dips are buys.
So, if this trade breaks to the north,
I've got a long instead of a short, but
I do expect some sort of
leveling out here at the call wall. So,
I took a chance and we'll see what
happens.
However,
the only thing that's got me in this
reflexive short is the fact that it's
had topping formations here
and we have the call wall here and the
value area high and the 9:30 edge off
the candlestick where I saw they tried
to reject it and so
I'm giving it a little go for a couple
of contracts. Okay, that being said,
what is the slope of the 50? Well, it's
down to flatish, but really it's an
upward flowing 50. So, they just found
support trying to recapture the trend.
So, we'll see what happens. Where is the
regular VWAP? It's sitting
in trending formation. So, it says dips
or pullbacks.
The anchor VWAP, which is the close of
the VWAP of the prior day, is 7377. I
would love to see that level break down
and give us a little bit more movement
to fill in this volume profile and make
us a little more stable. Remember, we
are going to see market rotations. The
semis have moved very quickly and so
they're going to rotate out of those
eventually and move into something else.
You know, the market will doesn't have
the structure of
crashing, just rotation. And remember,
big money never leaves, they just find
someplace else to hide. Okay?
All right. Pivot 7369, we are above it.
So, everything says buy the dip.
200 is up. It's all buy the dip
formation. Let's notice the structure.
We have the
MOC candlestick printing above, we
gapped down,
then we moved
steadily upward.
Our 4:00 a.m. candlestick is above our
Globex and our 3:30 candle. So, that's
got an upward trend.
So, now we're looking for dips to buys.
That That will be buys. So, that being
said,
you know,
we'll see. It
I sure do feel like I'm sitting at the
top of a trade I I shouldn't be in, but
I'm taking it because it's structurally
at the top of that edge. This is flat. I
expect it to fade. So, we'll see what
happens, okay?
All right. Targets for the day.
We want to see what happens at 8:30. We
want to see how much volume comes in at
8:30. It's the employment number. Dips
are going to be buys. So, the deeper the
dip,
likely the more aggressive the buy. So,
where would be look for that?
7344.
7328.
If perhaps it stands, it comes in and
holds the low of
the 3:30 candlestick, we've got
ourselves a pretty nice trade to the
upside. And that is 7354.
Okay? Otherwise, it runs up the rails.
The zero DTE call wall is above the
grand call wall for the month. And the
max is up here at 7429.
The dips, again, you're going to be best
suited
trying to get somewhere in this
structurally solid candlestick formation
at 3:30, where all the pressure points
are. And that
is all she wrote, right? So, 7350 looks
pretty grand. All right.
Let's go to the NQ.
What do we see? Mhm.
Big topping formation from
I think it's
I don't remember when. Yes, over here
big topping formation came down, held
the put wall, then broke the put wall,
danced around it, and then moved
forward.
Okay? So, we've got another topping
event here.
Look at how shallow this dip was.
Relatively speaking, very very noisy.
Came right into yesterday's pivot and
held. So,
what are we looking for? All right.
Well,
our closing candlestick formation not
nearly as strong
in the NQ as our opening candle
formation.
But, we're going to put a line around
that. And so, we've got 20 8,607
ish.
And then 28,708. So, here's what we're
doing. We're measuring it. If you don't
trade the NQ, but you're watching the
video,
say to yourself, "What is she doing to
build the structures to make the
trades?"
That's what you want to follow, okay?
That's going to be the best. So, what
are we staring down? This 9:30 candle,
biggest candle of
yesterday, still doesn't beat this
beast. So, we're going to measure both
of those.
We're going to measure this one.
And that gives Oh, look, it's very nice.
We've got confluence. Excellent. So, we
have confluence at these at these lines
for the Fibonacci, moving us up.
Potential resistance, but could end up
being
uh old resistance that becomes new
support, right? It would break up, come
back down, hold a higher low, and then
that would be your breakout formation.
Let's Let's remove this rectangle here.
Mhm. I'll remove this one also.
These are measured moves downward. So,
we're using this very big uh candlestick
presentation, and now we're looking at
this edge. There's a lot of volume in
here, right? So, these candles up here
certainly matter.
They absolutely matter.
And so, now what are we looking at?
We've got the upside structure. Let's do
Fibonacci on the 9:30. Actually, no. We
did one Fibonacci here. Let's just
get these boxes.
That's the range of yesterday's 9:30
candle. I'm going to clone it up. We're
at the top of that box. So, we're going
to watch for it to pop up and then fade.
Also, something looking like short
potentially, right? Uh 28,900 or a big
push up and then a collapse. So, wait
for it to get back into the box before
you take the trade, right? If you don't,
you have no idea what the real risk
event is here. Looks to me like they
could come back up here at 28,930
and do some business, okay?
All right. So, here we are.
Momentum up but flattening.
Trend up. We're above the VWAP. We're
above an upward sloping 50. The 200 is
well below us, but also upward trending.
Dips are buys. These moves, folks, they
get very savage very quickly. So, the
moment it loses your level, don't think
about it. Just go, "Boom, I'm out."
Right? Just like for me, this move
above, you know, 4703 or so in this long
is going to go, "You're done." Right? It
It is what it is. You went in, you tried
it, it doesn't work. You move on to the
next one. Don't bet so big that you're
like, "Oh, I can't take that trade
again."
You're not learning the system. Right?
Trade small or not at all.
Okay, here we go. Now, we have
the edges upward
are going to be
the clone of this rectangle that will
take us into the call wall, and that is
still 29,000. The put wall is 28,700,
and they're going to try and defend
that. All right? So, so far, everything
looks bullish.
Everything's pretty bullish.
Quick peek at the YM.
Not nearly as bullish.
Big solid fade. 200 a little bit flat.
But, it defended it. That's why I'm
always saying, "Hey, if you're looking
at a moving average, you better look at
the 200. Nothing else."
So, let's do an orientation.
Where are we? Well, we're battling the
50 simple moving average,
and that 50 is now down
in an upward flow. So, it broke it and
defended at the 200, now it's coming
here. It's This is a do or die spot for
the buyers here in
the YM. All right? So, what is this
candle?
That is the follow-up candle, and then
we get no real volume here. This 9:30
candle, this is where they're headed in
all likelihood, 50,000. If they get
through 48,855,
they're going to try and attack this
high volume candlestick here. So, let's
remove all the rectangles,
and then note the brand new one.
We're going to draw Fibonacci on it.
Oh, for goodness' sakes.
All right. And so, we can see it's just
gotten above one ledge here.
Holding that 50, holding the pivot,
the next line in the sand easily
somewhere around 50,000. The close of
that opening 9:30 candle is the likely
target at 40
9,995.
Okay.
So, that's what we're staring down.
Pullbacks are buys.
The flat 200 doesn't give it a ton of
support, so this could fade, but clearly
momentum is up.
They're going to run this in maybe into
the number
up above, and then they're going to turn
around
and sell it again is my suspicion.
That's my suspicion, but for right now,
you know, if you bought the you bought
it right here, your stop would be
somewhere around the pivot. So, if you
bought it at 49,856,
you'd need 40 50 ticks of a stop. Okay?
That's what we're staring down.
Let's take a look at Bitcoin.
Running the show. Oh, nice fade. Nice
fade off of that 83,000.
Really really nice. Yesterday, another
lower high.
This morning, lower low, lower high. 50
is down, 200 is up.
So, a test of that 81,000
not out of the question.
What are we doing now? We're trying to
get back
Well, they tried to get under this call
wall at 80,000, and they can't.
Remember, the longer they stay above the
call wall in trending pressure,
the longer
it takes.
Hang on a second.
The longer it takes
to um
return to where it is that
they want to go. And that is underneath
here. So, we could have another
accelerated buying formation. Right? In
general,
what we are seeing is mean reversion.
It's coming to the area. It could easily
bounce again. Notice,
as Bitcoin moves down,
we have the ES moving down. This is a
measure of liquidity. It's how much
money's in the market. The more
liquidity in the market, the more the
market is likely to trend to the upside.
The less liquidity in the market, the
reverse is true. The more it's likely to
trend to the downside. So, pay attention
to the slope of Bitcoin because it's
telling you what's going on in terms of
liquidity in the market.
Here we go with oil.
Oil had a
solid bounce into the day. Really solid
bounce. This could People would argue,
"Hey, this was a news event." Right?
They came in, they said, "Hey, we're
running out of oil." Now, a lot of
people are saying this, right? And so,
I mean, there's a lot of crazy stuff
getting said right now. But we are
running out of oil in terms of what's
been
uh what's free and easy to use.
Free being available, not in the ground.
Okay? And so, that is the struggle that
we are sitting with in
uh the straight as long as it stays
the way it stays. Okay. So,
what is this position
generally? Could we look at this and
say, "Hey, I wonder if this is some kind
of pennant."
Right?
Here's the flag.
Here's the pennant and
um
it usually breaks in the direction of
the pole. So,
what are we staring down? A downward
200,
a flat to downward 50, but higher lows.
And so, the traders are trying to hold
the floor. My suspicion is that
the dips
are very likely floating around, but
they will easily be bought.
And this is going to continue
I would say for years. I do not
anticipate the broad motion of oil
fading
in any kind of dramatic fashion.
However,
doesn't mean that they won't collapse.
They're just get bought up. Not saying
there's no shorts to be had here. So,
what's the storyboard? We're at the
gamma wall.
Gamma positive,
we move up to 100. Again, that's where
the call wall is. Gamma negative,
the put wall still down here at 85. The
zero DTE walls are holding us in range.
This flat action in the 50
says to me, "Listen, try to wait for
value area low to get a buy zone. What's
the highest volume candlestick of the
day?"
It is the closing candle of
yesterday in oil.
And we just fell out of it.
If we come back to it,
the bounce action into 95
easily could give us 97.50.
Very easily.
If we lose it,
then
we have downward motion of 92.68.
Okay?
So, that's that's what we're staring
down.
Um
Could we go further than that? Yes. News
is going to try and push us further than
than that, but not to fret. Um
the dips are going to be buys. You just
have to wait for them.
If you want to sell it,
it's probably better to wait to the call
wall and let it collapse. All right, we
have to wait for pushes up that fail,
right? A look above and fail. The look
below and fail. Those are very good
indicators that we sweep the floor and
then begin to move in the other
direction. All right? So, that's that.
Let's take a look at gold.
All right, what are we seeing?
Very sideways.
You know,
let me let me show you what's going on
in here.
So,
we're trying to build a new volume
uh
profile in here.
We have higher lows,
but we have lower highs. So, we're in
the midst of some sort of compression
event.
I don't know
what they're planning on doing here.
Here's what I do know.
I know that as soon as I figure out what
they're doing, I'm going to trade it.
But right now, I don't see that. Here's
what I see. We have
a very large candle from several days
past, and that's this one here. Let's
remove all the annotations so you can
see what I mean. The candlestick of
March 24th.
We could draw Fibonacci here cuz it's
easier to track.
And you can see that we're sort of
working our way up that ledge,
but this is a very sharp downward 50.
So, if they break to the north,
it is going to rotate back down.
The call wall has done a great job on
this side
to hold
4790.
But, it doesn't mean that it didn't
break for, you know,
$10, which is $1,000 of risk.
These are very expensive contracts.
Right? So, this is what we're staring
down. We're going to look at this edge,
see that it's sideways. We're dancing on
the anchored VWAP. We've got an up to
flat 50. We've got an
We're above the regular VWAP. We're
above the 200.
We just crept positive in momentum.
And so, what does this tell us? Dips
potentially buys.
Yesterday's candlestick formation gives
us
a potential buy zone
somewhere around 4696.
That being said,
there's a sell zone up here at 4770.
This 4770 4780 is a litmus test. If it
breaches this zone up here,
I think we head back to 4900. Now,
do I think that's going to happen? No. I
I really don't. But, I'm preparing in
case it does to shift the mental flow
that says, "Wait a second. We stabilized
here, and then we broke to the north."
Remember, when a chart sits sideways,
it's gathering inventory
that it can sell at a profit or have to
liquidate at a discount.
And they're all making their bets right
here. So, we're in day three of sideways
congestion.
The
technical
storyboard is, if we have upward trend
and we begin to move sideways for
several days, the direction of the
original trend is the most likely area
that we move through. Okay, and that
still is to the upside.
A cyclical buy.
SPY [snorts]
almost near the highs again. Dancing at
7:35 4:00 a.m. candlestick, pretty
strong. We are above the 4:00 a.m.
close, the 4:00 a.m. candle close.
That's bullish, right? But
um
there is our 3:30
MOC candle.
So, that looks like frontline support
7:31.
And then our opening 9:30 candle
is right where we're battling right now.
Right? We are battling
in the same place in the futures.
All right.
Yep, so we'll put it there. The breach
above
No, you know what?
If we break above this zone, we could
exhaust at 7:36 and then fade. But I'm
expecting
fade formations in
in the grand scheme of things because
there they should begin to unwind into
the jobs number.
Everybody is long inventory overnight.
All right, so the support zone is $730.
I would not be upset about trying a buy
down at the bottom of this range. That
being said, it could easily give way and
come into the 200, which is 723. These
markets are not easy to read because the
flows are jagged. So, if you're looking
for an absolute slam dunk,
just put your hands in your pocket and
don't trade, okay? Cuz they are not
here. This is a very hard market to
trade.
All right, that's it, folks. I'll see
you on the streams.